OSDOCS-16945#CQA work Stor1 - understanding persistent storage (#114120)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-selinuxChangePolicy-testing-mountoption-RWO-RWX.adoc

[id="using_selinuxChangePolicy_testing-mountoption-rwo-rwx_{context}"]
= Testing the RWO and RWX and SELinux mount option feature

[role="_abstract"]
The SELinux mount option applies the correct security context during mount without recursive relabeling, reducing pod startup times on volumes with many files. In {product-title} 4.21, you can evaluate the mount option feature for RWO and RWX volumes as a Technology Preview feature.

:FeatureName: RWO/RWX SELinux mount
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

.Procedure

> * Enable Feature Gates. For information about enabling Feature Gates, see _Section Enabling features using feature gates_.

Reviewer: Is the phrase _Section Enabling features using feature gates_ correct? I'm curious if the word "Section" belongs as part of the italicized text or if it should be "...see the _Enabling features using feature gates_ section".

+
RWO and RWX volumes now have mount option as the default behavior.

.Next step

> Carefully test your applications and observe how they are using storage. For more information, see "SELinux-related conflicts Knowledge Base article", and consider opting out from using mount option if you are experiencing issues. For more information, see "Opting out of the SELinux mount option default".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carefully test your applications and observe how they are using storage. For more information, see the Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase article "OpenShift reports SELinux-related conflicts when creating Pods", and consider opting out from using mount option if you are experiencing issues. For more information, see "Opting out of the SELinux mount option default".
```
